sorry I get a lift Romanoff I like lay
down and okay maybe not next time though
i'll call you bubble bath festival one
ready done fat bikes wow wow wow
watching their way my way baby oh oh my
god I heard you have the Enduro variable
it's done look new and you're
oh no you just know i i'm a professional
it's okay i'll take your card I'll ask
you for money okay 20 31 in focus that's
way in there
don't look at me like that it's not
pretty enough check rude
first way of the day your shoes are
fancy enough they're enduro but I really
like your hands man call me later okay
like listen if you're not married in
five years I want a commitment out of
you okay should I jump kick yeah Ryan
love Lopes okay done I think we can
always feel like a bottle
hey
it's pretty comfortable I'm thinking up
babes Oh baby pick it up in a sausage
fest yeah I love you hey would you like
a behind hug
I don't know what's happening I think I
felt it move in my pants hey what's your
five-year plan I don't have my five your
friend ok so in five years we're getting
married right that's what you've decided
my fear of privacy well you didn't have
one so i made one for you i decided to
like telling you about it five year plan
we're getting hits they have an organ on
this ready yeah you're really good at
yeah
okay i want to get in there RT and
that's pretty bad
party huh
and I don't trust you at all that's fine
i'm really i'll trust you no no that you
get time cuz when I time to earlier you
did that you were like a minute floor do
one without any of your clothes you
looking so era without a helmet and she
said maybe I cut another men naked do it
now you can just pack the out of my
it's good take that off take the
danger oh it's been so intense here I
dinner bike all the meetings the
industry jargon taiwan china this is the
fizz challenge they've never seen it
done before let's see what house no way
not all
it won't burn darn it luck relies my
girlfriend getting hammered interbike